Identity generalisation story (#71)
ietf-wg-wimse/draft-ietf-wimse-arch: draft-ietf-wimse-arch.md

#### Egress Identity Generalization

A workload communicating with a service or another workload located outside the trust boundary may need to provide modified identity information. The detailed identity of an internal workload originating the communication is relevant inside the trust boundary but could be excessive for the outside world and expose potentially sensitive internal topology information.

> For example, in a microservices architecture, an internal service may use workload-specific identities that include fine-grained details such as instance names or deployment-specific attributes. When communicating with external systems, exposing such details may inadvertently reveal internal scaling strategies or failover mechanisms. In such cases, an identity proxy at the trust boundary can generalize the workload identity by replacing the specific microservice instance name with the name of the overall service. This allows external parties to recognize the service while abstracting internal deployment details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in a microservices architecture, an internal service may use workload-specific identities that include fine-grained details such as instance names or deployment-specific attributes. When communicating with external systems, exposing such details may inadvertently give an attacker an advantage in learning more about the internal deployment structure, scaling strategies, about policies, technologies in use or failover mechanisms. In such cases, an identity proxy at the trust boundary can generalize the workload identity by replacing the specific microservice instance name with the name of the overall service. This allows external parties to recognize the service while abstracting internal deployment details.
```
